Grammar, paragraph organization edits to History (#607)
foxglove/mcap: docs/index.md

### Before MCAP

Many robotics companies spend valuable in-house resources to develop custom file formats, only to create future work and complicate third-party tool integrations. We built MCAP to allow teams to focus on their core robotics problems and avoid wasting precious time making commodity tools.

> Before MCAP, the format that robotics teams used to store their log data depended mainly on their framework. Those using ROS 1 defaulted to the “bag file” format; those on ROS 2 defaulted to a SQLite-based format. Companies that don’t use ROS often employ a custom in-house binary format, such as length-delimited Protobuf, or store their messages as opaque bytes inside existing file formats such as HDF5.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before MCAP, the format that robotics teams used to store their log data depended mainly on their framework. Those using ROS 1 defaulted to the [“bag file”](http://wiki.ros.org/Bags/Format/2.0) format; those on ROS 2 defaulted to a SQLite-based format. Companies that don’t use ROS often employed a custom in-house binary format, such as length-delimited Protobuf, or stored their messages as opaque bytes inside existing file formats such as HDF5.
```

These existing storage options have several shortcomings. Custom in-house formats lack interoperability and require developing corresponding libraries in multiple languages to read and write files. The ROS 1 bag format is challenging to work with outside of the ROS ecosystem, while the ROS 2 SQLite format is [not fully self-contained](https://github.com/ros2/rosbag2/issues/782), making it difficult for third-party tools to read.

### After MCAP

We evaluated [many existing data storage formats in the industry](https://github.com/foxglove/mcap/blob/main/docs/motivation/evaluation-of-robotics-data-recording-file-formats.md) and identified a clear need for a general-purpose, open source data container format – specifically optimized for robotics use cases. Designing this format would solve an industry-wide problem and make it easier for teams to leverage third-party tools and share their own tooling.

> As a container format, MCAP solves many of these issues. It is self-contained, can embed multiple data streams encoded with different serialization formats in a single file, and even support metadata and attachments. MCAP files are optimized for both high-performance writing and efficient indexed reading, even over remote connections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a container format, MCAP solves many of these issues. It is self-contained, can embed multiple data streams encoded with different serialization formats in a single file, and even supports metadata and attachments. MCAP files are optimized for both high-performance writing and efficient indexed reading, even over remote connections.
```
